Add note about volume with unprivileged container (#12301)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-generate-kube.1.md

Note that if an init container is created with type `once` and the pod has been started, the init container will not show up in the generated kube YAML as `once` type init containers are deleted after they are run. If the pod has only been created and not started, it will be in the generated kube YAML.
Init containers created with type `always` will always be generated in the kube YAML as they are never deleted, even after running to completion.

*Note*: When using volumes and generating a Kubernetes YAML for an unprivileged and rootless podman container on an **SELinux enabled system**,  one of the following options must be completed:
  * Add the "privileged: true" option to the pod spec

>   * Relabel the volume via the CLI command `chcon -t spc_t context -R <directory>`

Reviewer: Nope the chcon should be contianer_file_t.

The spc_t would be to run with a securetyContext: seLinuxOptions of type:spc_t
```
        securityContext:
          seLinuxOptions:
            type: spc_t
```

Reviewer: container_file_t is a file type; (Cat food, Dog food)
spc_t is a process type (domain) (Cat or Dog)

Author: oops, my bad. Fixed

Note that if an init container is created with type `once` and the pod has been started, the init container will not show up in the generated kube YAML as `once` type init containers are deleted after they are run. If the pod has only been created and not started, it will be in the generated kube YAML.
Init containers created with type `always` will always be generated in the kube YAML as they are never deleted, even after running to completion.

> Note that when using volumes and generating a Kubernetes YAML for an unprivileged and rootless podman container, you need to either add the "privileged: true" option to the pod spec or relabel the volume via the cli command "chcon -t container_file_t -R <directory>" to ensure that you have the right permissions to access the volume when the pod/container is created in a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: spc_t context would be better the privileged, also should point out that this is only on SELinux enabled systems.

Author: Fixed

> Note that when using volumes and generating a Kubernetes YAML for an unprivileged and rootless podman container on an **SELinux enabled system**, you need to either add the "privileged: true" option to the pod spec or relabel the volume via the cli command `chcon -t spc_t context -R <directory>` to ensure that you have the right permissions to access the volume when the pod/container is created in a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Note*: When using volumes and generating a Kubernetes YAML for an unprivileged and rootless podman container on an **SELinux enabled system**,  one of the following options must be completed: 
    * Add the "privileged: true" option to the pod spec 
    * Relabel the volume via the CLI command `chcon -t spc_t context -R <directory>` 
    Once completed, the correct permissions will be in place to access the volume when the pod/container is created in a Kubernetes cluster.
```

Author: Fixed
